Face masks. For most of us, they're a new thing.
While we have somewhat
gotten used to wearing them.
They still present some challenges.
One of these challenges is communication.
As many as 1 in 10 Canadians have
some form of hearing limitation,
ranging from hearing loss to deafness,
and they often rely on speech reading,
nonverbal cues,
and residual hearing to communicate.
Face masks make using any of
these methods quite difficult.
They prevent people from speech reading
and interpreting other nonverbal cues
and they also muffle speech.
That means that an already
disadvantaged group of Canadians
is facing increased challenges.
But those without hearing
limitations are also having issues.
A survey found that about 85%
of people think that face masks
make conversation difficult.
One way that these issues have
been traditionally solved is
through the use of closed captions.
Most modern mobile devices provide
accessibility features such as speech to
text transcription and voice amplification.
But holding up your phone while you talk
isn't very convenient or comfortable.
So instead of having to read closed
captions on a separate device,
why not add them to your face mask?
This is where e-mask comes to play.
e-mask is a digital face mask
that automatically generates and
displays closed captions as you speak.
Users can benefit from improved
communication in situations such
as interacting with someone with a
hearing disability or temporary injury,
or even communicating in a noisy environment.
e-mask was developed to perform even
in the most demanding environments,
such as the medical field,
where health professionals
wear face masks for long periods of time and
operate in fast and unforgiving conditions.
But while e-mask was designed with
health professionals in mind,
it is made for everyone.
e-mask not only reduces communication issues,
but also provides a fun way to
express your personality with text,
emoji, and colour.
You can create as many designs as
you like and have them compliment
your outfit or express your mood.
Forget about boring face masks,
upgrade your mask game with e-mask.